# FirstRepository
  This is the first repository, it isn't interesting, keep walking down the hall until the 4th door on the right, that door will take you through the lounge room and out toward the main work area. on the lefthand wall of the main work area is a door labeled 556, go through door 556 and continue walking to the end of the hall, go through the door and down the stairwell. Once you reach floor number 45 exit through the door and make your way through the employee fitness center until you've made it to the sky atrium. Once you've reached the sky atrium it is... listen up, because this part is important... Grab the Yellow, I'll say it once more, YELLOW, key resting on the edge of the planter filled with orange poppies, no the blue ones, the orange ones. Now this point go back out to the stairwell and go up to floor 107, enter once more and you'll find youself in a luxury-on-a-practical-budget waiting room, including one original silver-Gelatin print done by Ansel Adams. There you will find a door with a rectangular frosted-glass window across diagonally from where you entered the room, it should be unlocked, so go through it and down the very very exceptionally long hallway until you've reached the 62nd door down the the left and use the YELLOW key to unlock it.
  Discard of the yellow key in the bin by the door and walk into the vice-executive suite, 32x32 feet and 31 feet of windows with too much light shining through to see whats on the other side. Finish the half-eaten turkey, bacon, and cheddar sandwich left there to rot by the time crunched vice-executive and open the file cabinet adjacent to his desk, the bottom drawer. Sift through the folders until you get to the one labeled FRESH FRUIT FRIDAY. Open the folder and remove pages 5-8 from the BIG packet, not the small one, and put them in that nice designer satchel your wearing right now. Go back out to the hallway and back the way you came out to the stairwell once more. Run up to floor 246 in under 4 minutes and slip the papers under the door and ring the bell placed on the floor so Johnson Mcjepherson knows you delivered them. Once that is gone come back here and will shall talk about the steps necessary to complete the second repository.
